dude pretty cool song I've just
downloaded this new car which is why I'm
making this fucking video love me now
gonna cope with you look at too many
buttons the roads like a we go
many more music
hear that music fuck you copyright it's
inspirational stuffers
makes you drive better automatically it
just keeps a good on the road or the
pavement or barrier in my case
a car control make this fucking she gave
it oh oh hang on it's that time again
yeah
I don't have my car drives itself into a
barrier asshole oh I'd stall it all that
lead up come on you bitch that's what
you're doing there we go back on the
road
oh can we did we start again okay I'm
gonna be doing this whole not turn
around keep us together
i'm driving champion
anyway you know
so it's another one of those driving
video so to keep saying I'll stop making
as I probably told you a million times I
mean eventually I probably get bored of
it but I've got some videos i want to
make tonight and they don't need the
steering wheel so I thought I'll just
make a video while I still had a plugged
in just to it for economy of time and
effort not learn I don't know what I'm
saying i distracted like having two
computers on my tables the worst thing
that's ever happened to me because
basically no I had no focus we're
developing said on the road this is a
remix of their previous song we heard
they did it for the amiga
this more medically makes you going
better as well
look off
I'm gonna tell you the truth the first
time i made this video actually made
that little chicane there Paul was
watching and everything he can he can
tell you it crew you know I've had to
make this a couple of times now because
of technical hitches so on as a point of
Honor we're now going to go through that
chicane without fucking it up I might
need the music again all right
yeah so I've been talking about few
people who subscribe to the channel
talking about how nobody's watching
anything um don't get any ideas alike
i'm gonna quit or disappear exactly like
keep doing it whatever happens but um I
just you know if not that many people
are watching I would like to be able to
just forget about the channel a bit for
a while and toepfer too much time into
it because um access probably other
things I should be doing with there's
other kinds of videos of like to make
and I figure if no one's watching them
that kind of takes the pressure off way
to do a particular thing I think still
at one but i don't know i gotta talk to
david about it we have to have a serious
sort of behind the scenes discussion
again the path is stupid channel no no
real quick I'm really have two minds of
it I enjoy it but it's a bit of a stress
wondering why no one likes it ah yeah
knocked it out of the park
I'm such a monkey oh man it just doesn't
get me fucking sign up for McLaren I
don't know what will waffle let's get a
look at that fucking shit a nigga joke
oh look at that look at some ocean I
didn't even remember the bright purple a
look at that shit ah it takes pure
instinct what the low point of view
I'm gonna win a closer I get to the
berry sorry this is really pissing me oh
just watch this whole night I'm just
gonna keep replaying until you get one
look at that leg butter just butter me
up and call me muffin that was the best
bit of driving you've never seen I here
we go it's like that documentary that
came out and everyone loved so much
keeping the car a perfect fellows
all right I'm sorry no more of this crap
I promise